What's This?
============

It's a native client wrap around 台大校務建言系統 for iOS devices. Login with your student id and post your suggestions!

Multitask is disabled for this app, to post a new suggestion just press home button and relaunch.

TBD
===

1. View 金玉集
2. Search 
3. View own suggestions
4. Logout

Known Issues
============

1. **Logout function isn't implemented yet, just press home button to exit app and login again!**
2. Because I used javascript injection to fill out forms, there are problems when filling textfields with strings including "\n". Therefore, all "\n" are removed when posting a form.
3. Error handling isn't complete, may not show corresponding error if something goes wrong.

License
=======
Copyright (c) 2011 Fawkes Wei

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.